
oh, there you are, good,

sorry, i am a bit late. there was a long queue,

so have you work out how to do with the assignment there.

not yet, we have been here cup minutes ourselves.

can you just remind me what the task is excetely.

well, there are two, oh, three parts of it.

first, we've got to write an assey about wasting of collecting data.

What is the title of the assey exactly.

I've got here. assess the two main methods of collecting data in social science research.

and how much do we need to write?

fifteen hundred words that is the assey.

then at the second part of the assignment we have to choose one the methods of data collection

and carry out the small scale study making a propriety using the method of xxx to get data from at least five subjects.

and then we have to write a report of the study?

that's right, of three to four thousand words.

did you get as far as disscusing which form of data collection we should go for, questionnaire ,or interview isn't it?

yes, I think we should choose questionnaire as we have so much less time comsumeing than organising interview, I rekeon

what's we greet on the wording we have only to send it out from the way responses

yes, i think it proper would be quicker.

But what did that article he gave us last week say about the quality of data from questionnaires?

i am pretty sure recommended questionnaires has sources of highly relible data.

as long as design the questionnaire properly in the first place the data will be fine.

no i am sure the talk about drawback as well isn't it, something about response rate and the problem you get to it too low?

but we well need it to data from five subject anyway

i suppose so, another drawback I remembered it rementioned was that questionnaire data tends not reveal anything on it repected cause it's limited to the questions fixed in advance by the researcher.

come on ,rose, this is only a practice, so may be a real research is it?

well ,i sure about that.

---

maybe a better surely article again, just to be sure. can you remember what is called?

sample services and social xxx research i think.

and he also recommended more recent book called "survey research" by beila i think

and if we try to use interviews instead i saw a book in the apartment of library that woulb be helpful, it called "interviews that work"
 by wx published Oxford , 1988

right, oh, i've got to tutorial now. can we meet later this week, what about friday morning?


