--> 19:40
homestay family, cousin, need room for him, full name, 23 years old, 1.5 years, post code 2036, general english, academic english,
accommodation, share room with sister, retirewoman, retired lady, 320 deposit, monthly cash or cheque, honor system,

---

sala, i've heared that you want to move into a homestay family, is that correct?

yes, that's right. I've been stay with my aunt. and now my cousin is arriving from SG. and my aunt needs the room for him.

oh, that's bad luck, well, i need some particulars first. sala what's your full name?

sala xx, and that sala without the 'h' at end.

how old are you sala ?

23, only just, it was my birthday on the 21th of August

oh, happy birthday for yesterday. how long have been in Australia.

a year in xxx, and six month in xxx. i prefer xx, i've got more friends here.

what's your address at your aunt house?

Flat one, 539 xxx road, canteberry.and the post code is 2036.

what are you studying now?

I was studing general english in xxx, and now i am doing academic english because i am trying to get into medicine next year

that sounds good but they will take you a long time. when would you like to move from your aunt's.

my cousin arrives on friday morning, so i'll better be out on thursday.

what the 7th of september

yes, that's right.

---

that doesn't leave us much time. right, okay.

i need to know what kind of accommodation you like, so i can give you something suitable.

can i share a room with someone else,

i've been alone in my room on my aunt's and i always share with my sister, and i like that

yes ,fine, that'll save you money too.

would you like live with a family or do you think that a single person will be better for you?

i have lots of very nice single people on my books.

do you have any women living alone, retired women.

yes i have quit a few who's children have grown up to leave home,

in fact, i have some really lovely retired ladies. living by themslef who just love the companies of students.

many of them live in flat, but that's not a problem for you isn't it?

not at all, i am used to that. my anut lives in a flat too remember?

i am not used to a big house with a garden, swiming pool, pets and all that.

okay, fine. I know quite a bit about what you want now.

I thought that you know your rent will be a hundred and sixty dollar peer week.

you have to pay me 320 dollars as a deposit before you move in,

the deposit is as an insurance in case of you break something.

you need to pay monthly to me by cash or cheque i don't mind.

you don't need to pay for gas, electrity, or water but u will need to pay your proportion of the phone bill.

most families  do that on a honor system but you have to wait and see.

have you got any more questions for me?

when will you know where i can go?

i will work on it now. so come and see me tomorrow and i should have some news for you then.

after launch will be better for me.

--> 20:48

70 minutes total
