---
title: 4.4.2
date: 2022-08-17T23:01:52+08:00
url: /ielts/l4.4.2/
---
Speaker 1: Thank you for calling the free Travelite Travel Agency Information Line. You will not be charged for this call.

In order to deal with all calls effectively, we offer you a number of options.

Please listen carefully and press your required number at the appropriate time, or dial a new number.

If you want to hear about special offers, please press one.

If you want to hear our latest price lists, please press two.

If you want to make a complaint, please press three.

If you want information about our new walking holidays, please press four now.

Speaker 2: Thank you for calling our Travelite Walking Holidays Line.

We have been offering a wide variety of walking holidays to suit all tastes for just three years, but already we have won two awards for excellence in this field.

We offer guided walking tours to suit the discerning traveller in twelve different centres throughout the whole of Western Europe.

We are planning to open our first centre outside this area in the coming year, so watch out for developments.

But the pride of Travelite is the level of guidance and support we offer on our walks.

All are planned in detail by our highly trained guides, who all work in a variety of different Travelite locations, so we can guarantee standards.

Each day we offer three separate walks catering for all skills and fitness levels.

We also pride ourselves on our friendly service, particularly important for the increasing numbers of people who choose to holiday alone.

Unlike almost all travel operators who happily charge large supplements for single rooms, we guarantee that no single client will pay more, even when only double rooms are available for them.

And the day doesn't end with the return to base...after our dinner at communal tables designed to make all our guests feel part of a family atmosphere...Entertainment is laid on nearly every night with tour leaders on hand to organise lectures, games, quizzes and respond to any special requests from guests.

Before you hear the rest of the message, you have some time to look at questions 16 to 20.

Now listen and answer questions 16 to 20.

The following is a summary of costs and special inclusive offers on holidays for the coming summer.

We have three lengths of holiday: three-day, seven-day and fourteen-day.

The three-day holiday costs one hundred and eighty dollars for all accommodation, food and walking, and for the first time this year we are including in that price...the cost of picking you up from the nearest station.

The seven-day holiday costs three hundred and fifty dollars per person and, as well as including the offers of the three-day holiday, also includes a magnificent book giving the local history.

On top of that, we are able to include free maps...for you to better enjoy the walking and even plan in advance, if you wish.

For the fourteen-day holiday, our special price is six hundred and ninety dollars per person and that includes all the offers for the three and seven-day holidays plus...membership of a local walking club...so you can better enjoy the full flavour of the local life.

For further information, please contact your local travel agent. Thank you for calling the Travelite Travel Agency Information Line...

That is the end of section two. You now have half a minute to check your answers.

Now turn to section three.
